behold my eye has seen all this my ear
behold my eye has seen all this my ear has heard and understood it what you
has heard and understood it what you
has heard and understood it what you know I also know I am not inferior to
know I also know I am not inferior to
know I also know I am not inferior to you but I would speak to the Almighty
you but I would speak to the Almighty
you but I would speak to the Almighty and I desire to reason with God but you
and I desire to reason with God but you
and I desire to reason with God but you forges of lies are all worthless
forges of lies are all worthless
forges of lies are all worthless physicians that you would be silent and
physicians that you would be silent and
physicians that you would be silent and it would be your wisdom now hear my
it would be your wisdom now hear my
it would be your wisdom now hear my reasoning and heed the pleadings of my
reasoning and heed the pleadings of my
reasoning and heed the pleadings of my lips will you speak wickedly for God and
lips will you speak wickedly for God and
lips will you speak wickedly for God and talk deceitfully for him will you show
talk deceitfully for him will you show
talk deceitfully for him will you show partiality for him will you contend for
partiality for him will you contend for
partiality for him will you contend for God will it be well when he searches you
God will it be well when he searches you
God will it be well when he searches you up or can you mock him as one mocks a
up or can you mock him as one mocks a
up or can you mock him as one mocks a man he will surely rebuke you if you
man he will surely rebuke you if you
man he will surely rebuke you if you secretly show partiality will not his
secretly show partiality will not his
secretly show partiality will not his excellence make you afraid and the dread
excellence make you afraid and the dread
excellence make you afraid and the dread of him fall upon you your platitudes are
of him fall upon you your platitudes are
of him fall upon you your platitudes are proverbs of Ashes your defenses are
proverbs of Ashes your defenses are
proverbs of Ashes your defenses are defenses of clay hold your peace with me
defenses of clay hold your peace with me
defenses of clay hold your peace with me and let me speak then let come on me
and let me speak then let come on me
and let me speak then let come on me what may why do I take my flesh in my
what may why do I take my flesh in my
what may why do I take my flesh in my teeth and put my life in my hands though
teeth and put my life in my hands though
teeth and put my life in my hands though he slay me yet when I trust him even so
he slay me yet when I trust him even so
he slay me yet when I trust him even so I will defend my own ways before him he
I will defend my own ways before him he
I will defend my own ways before him he also shall be my salvation for a
also shall be my salvation for a
also shall be my salvation for a hypocrite could not come before him
hypocrite could not come before him
hypocrite could not come before him listen carefully to my speech and to my
listen carefully to my speech and to my
listen carefully to my speech and to my declaration with your ears see now I
declaration with your ears see now I
declaration with your ears see now I have prepared my case I know that I
have prepared my case I know that I
have prepared my case I know that I shall be vindicated who is he who will
shall be vindicated who is he who will
shall be vindicated who is he who will contend with me hmm
contend with me hmm
contend with me hmm if now I hold my tongue I perish only
if now I hold my tongue I perish only
if now I hold my tongue I perish only two things do not do to me and I will
two things do not do to me and I will
two things do not do to me and I will not hide myself from you withdraw your
not hide myself from you withdraw your
not hide myself from you withdraw your head and far from me and let not the
head and far from me and let not the
head and far from me and let not the dread of you make me afraid then call
dread of you make me afraid then call
dread of you make me afraid then call and I will answer or let me speak then
and I will answer or let me speak then
and I will answer or let me speak then you respond to me how many are my
you respond to me how many are my
you respond to me how many are my iniquities and sins make me know my
iniquities and sins make me know my
iniquities and sins make me know my transgression and my sin
transgression and my sin
transgression and my sin why do you hide your face and regard me
why do you hide your face and regard me
why do you hide your face and regard me as your enemy but you frighten a leaf
as your enemy but you frighten a leaf
as your enemy but you frighten a leaf driven to and fro and will you pursue
driven to and fro and will you pursue
driven to and fro and will you pursue dry stubble for you right bitter sings
dry stubble for you right bitter sings
dry stubble for you right bitter sings against me and raped me inherit the
against me and raped me inherit the
against me and raped me inherit the iniquities of my news you put my feet in
iniquities of my news you put my feet in
iniquities of my news you put my feet in the stocks and watch closely all my
the stocks and watch closely all my
the stocks and watch closely all my paths you set a limit for the soles of
paths you set a limit for the soles of
paths you set a limit for the soles of my feet
my feet
my feet when decays like a rotten thing like a
when decays like a rotten thing like a
when decays like a rotten thing like a garment that is moth-eaten